README.md, before:

# IntegrityChecker

## Overview

`IntegrityChecker` is a Python package offering a command-line utility to verify the integrity of files based on their MD5 checksums. It facilitates comparisons between local and remote files, either individually or within directories. 

## Installation

To install `IntegrityChecker`, use pip:

```bash
pip install integrity_checker
```

For those who prefer a direct source installation:

```
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/integrity_checker.git
cd integrity_checker
pip install .
```

## Usage
### Single File Comparison
To compare an individual file on your local system with a counterpart on a remote host, utilize the file command:

```
integrity_checker file localfile.txt remotehost:/path/to/remotefile.txt

```

This command relays if the two designated files are identical or divergent based on their MD5 checksums.

### Directory-Based File Comparison
For a more comprehensive assessment involving all files within a specified directory on a remote machine (and their corresponding local files), employ the dir command:

```
integrity_checker dir /path/to/local/directory remotehost:/path/to/remote/directory summary.tsv
```

The resulting summary, in TSV (Tab-Separated Values) format, contains two columns: Filename and Status. The Status column can have values: Identical, Different, or Not Found Locally.

## Contributing
We warmly welcome contributions! Feel free to initiate a Pull Request or discuss potential enhancements in the issues section.

## License
IntegrityChecker is governed under the MIT License. For more details, refer to the LICENSE.md file.

Commit message:

modify output to contain file locations

README.md, after:

# IntegrityChecker

## Overview

`IntegrityChecker` verifies the integrity of files based on their MD5 checksums. It facilitates comparisons between local and remote files, either individually or within directories, even if the directory structure changes during transfer. 

## Installation

To install `IntegrityChecker`:

```
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/integrity_checker.git
cd integrity_checker
pip install .
```

## Usage
### Single File Comparison
To compare an individual file on your local system with a counterpart on a remote host, utilize the file command:

```
integrity_checker file localfile.txt remotehost:/path/to/remotefile.txt

```

This command relays if the two designated files are identical or divergent based on their MD5 checksums.

### Directory-Based File Comparison
For a more comprehensive assessment involving all files within a specified directory on a remote machine (and their corresponding local files), employ the dir command:

```
integrity_checker dir /path/to/local/directory remotehost:/path/to/remote/directory summary.tsv
```

The resulting summary, in TSV (Tab-Separated Values) format, contains two columns: Filename and Status. The Status column can have values: Identical, Different, or Not Found Locally.

## Contributing
Contributions welcome.

## License
Watch this space...
